Previously onInstinct...
So, you want to talk
about your little interview
with the
Sleeping Beauty killer?
Little?
It has 50,000 downloads already.
I think the killer
may be someone you know.
RYAN:
Check out the tent.
Cowboy blanket.
He brings his own
blanket and pillow,
showcasing his signature.
I have some news.Ryan's going back
to Nebraska.
I think I should go with him.
If MI6 thinks New York City's
first responder system
is indeed at risk,
why not go to the CIA?You're in danger.
DYLAN:
Who in this
town does not
seem affected by
restorative nostalgia?
His own son,
Cormac Rego.
I can't believe we had him
and let him slip away.
Okay, thanks, Fucci.He take off yet?
Yeah, but not
to Mexico City.
Back to New York?
♪
CORMAC: Hey, Mom.
Just landed in Mexico City.
Which detective?
Ryan?
He stopped by?
What did he say?
And they left?
[stammers] Do you know...
Are they still in Garfield?
Okay, all right. Thanks.
I got to go. Bye.
Take the next exit.
I want to get out.
There you go.
Keep the change.
Thanks.
Have a nice night.
[choking]
[coughing, choking]
JASMINE:
Everybody, listen up.
This is Cormac Rego,
our Sleeping Beauty killer.
Nice to finally put a
face to the nickname.
We have Dylan and Ryan
to thank for that.
Okay, so Rego's plane
touched down
at JFK after midnight,
and he slipped
through security.
I don't think I need
to tell any of you,
this is an
all-hands-on-deck situation.
Welcome back.It's nice to be back.
I'm sure you two didn't
get much sleep on your flight.
Hope you're ready
for a manhunt.
Can't wait.We've issued BOLO alerts
to every precinct in the city,
and nothing to any
of the media outlets.
I want to keep
this contained.
Rego's identity
won't be released.
We'll play that card
if and when we need to.
Okay, let's hear it.
We've tracked bus terminals
and Grand Central.
No one's seen him.
We're tracking Rego's cell,
but he's still
using a decentralized
router network.
It's pinging towers in Vegas
one minute, Taiwan the next.
Where the hell is Jules?
I know he's cyber security,
but we could use him on this.
I've reached out to him a couple
times. Haven't heard back.
JASMINE:
Credit cards?
FUCCI: Yeah, we're tracking
those, too, but he hasn't
used them since he landed.
Any info on how
Rego left JFK?Nothing yet.
Let's push airport security
on surveillance footage.
And see if any reports of
violent incidents around JFK
have come in
since the last time we checked.
You mean five minutes ago?
JASMINE:
Go get this son of a bitch.
Lizzie. I want you partnering
with Dylan
and Ryan on this.
Sure.[phone buzzes]
Sorry.
Well, if you need to get that.
No. It's my sister.
She wants to talk
about God knows what.
If I answer,
it'll take me an hour
to get her off
the phone.
Get caught up.
So Rego kills his own father
in an office
in Nebraska, bludgeoning him
with some kind of... award?
Cormac then covered up
his dad's body
in an act of killer's remorse.
DYLAN:
What we don't know
is why he killed his father.
Was it motivated by jealousy?
Greed? Hate?
Were they a troubled family?
RYAN:
No. The Regos were
the family that everyone
wanted to be a part of.
They had everything:
big house, town's love.
Cormac and Candace,
they always seemed
to be so happy.
They were the...
the First Family of Garfield.
Until Mr. Rego closed down
the factory.
Candace?
Cormac's sister.
She still lives in Garfield,
two years older.
She teaches
elementary school.
She and Ryan used to date.Okay.
I'm not sure
how that's relevant.
And Cormac never
got in trouble?
No. He was a nice kid.
Everybody loved him.
Whatever mental instability
he now possesses, he manages
to mask convincingly with
socially acceptable behavior.
So he was never a suspect.He alibied out.
Not to mention,
half of Garfield had motive.
A Livery cabdriver
with a JFK pickup
was strangled
30 minutes after Rego landed.
He's at New York Hospital.You go.
I'll stay here
and call the sister.
I want to work out why Cormac
would murder his own father.
LIZZIE:
Got it.
That call between
Rego and his mom
must have been
what spooked him.
He realizes he's been found out,
hangs up, and his M.O. changes.
Along with the result.
Only vic yet
to not wind up dead.
But Rego thinks the cabbie is
dead, jumps out and disappears.
Before his destination,
Canal and Division.
Guess where we're going.
Okay.
Thank you, Candace.
I know you're busy.
Ah.
You are the perfect
distraction.
I was on my way to the
bar, and I figured
you could use some
fresh clothes.
I know wearing
the same suit
two days in a row is
against your religion.
It should be against
anyone's religion.
Thank you.
Also, um, your dad
came by today.
My dad came by?
My dad doesn't just come by.
Did he look ill?
Well, I was concerned, too,
but, you know,
he looked his version of normal.
Solid, serious,
a little scary.
He wants to talk to you
in person.
Why does that alarm me?
I reminded him
you were on
an important case.
He said he'd call.
So, you have that
to distract you from catching
a serial killer.[laughs]
All right.
I got to get back to
the bar. Trade you?
Do me a favor,
will you?
Come home safe.
See you.
[clears throat]
Canal and Division.
Only a couple of hundred
apartments to choose from.
This should be easy.
Well, this whole thing
should be over.
You gonna keep blaming yourself?
You got someone
else I can blame?
You sleep at all?
Not much.
Eat anything?Not really.
Want me to stop
asking you questions?
Yep.
Okay.
Hey.
So where should we start?
RYAN: Well, serial
killers tend to, uh,
prefer living
on the ground floor.
Since most of them
are antisocial,
it allows them to avoid
riding elevators
and interact with people.
Dylan teach you that?
We were on two flights together,
with no Wi-Fi.
RYAN: Did you get
a hold of Candace?
Yeah. She's devastated.
She said Mr. Rego told Cormac
he had have to move to Mexico.
Where Rego relocated
the business.
When was this?Just a few days
before Mr. Rego
was found dead.
Then after the funeral,
Cormac moves down there.
So he kills his father, flies to
Mexico City and then comes here.
But the Regos
think he's still down there.
What else?Nothing.
She broke down.
She-she couldn't talk anymore.
So, in the past
eight weeks,
17 apartments sold
or rented around here,
only one was
a cash transaction.
Let me guess,
it's on the ground floor.
♪
[clicking, scratching]
[whispering]:
What the hell is that?
Someone's in there.
[cat meows]
RYAN:
The cowboy blankets.
Hey. He won't have these
to cover any more victims.
Maybe now he'll stop.
Or change his M.O.
Murder weapon.
LIZZIE: You're going to
want to see this.
[gasps]
DYLAN: Looks like killer's
remorse has matured into
killer's pride.
Birth of a serial killer.
I'd say he'd reached
the adult stage.
What?
Me and Ryan,
the night we found the phone
of Rego's third victim.
RYAN:
Hey, guys.
I found this children's book
with kid's handwriting.
"Mac, me and you,
and you and me.
Always, Candace."
He kept that book,
from his sister.
Even now, he kept it.
That suggests
he still does have a heart.
Let's exploit it.
Candace?
Their relationship.
DYLAN: She can
draw him out.
She said she'll do anything
to keep her brother alive.
I don't want cause this family
any more pain.
Like another body dropping?
Let's get Candace on a plane.
♪
You okay?
No.
I'm sorry.
That was the stupidest question
I've ever asked.
[laughs, sniffles]
DYLAN: Candace.
Thanks for coming.
This is Detective Needham.
Hi. You can
call me Lizzie.
Nice to meet you.DYLAN: Let's find
somewhere to sit.
You must be exhausted.
CANDACE:
Since we were little,
Dad told Cormac,
one day,
he'd take over the
family business.
But that was the last
thing that Mac wanted.
He talked about
moving to New York
or sailing around
the world. [chuckles]
And how about when
your father announced
that he was shutting
down the factory
and moving the business
to Mexico City?
That's when he told Mac
he'd be going down there
to get things up and running.
Did Cormac tell your father
he didn't want to go?
Of course not.
Our father was
charming and admired,
but behind closed
doors, he was...
an angry man.
Abusive?
He was hard on my brother.
Is this familiar?
Cormac had that
when we were little.
Where'd you find it?
He's been using similar ones
to cover his victims.
DYLAN: We think this blanket
may represent comfort to him,
the way he comforted his victims
after their pain.
It connects Cormac
to some remaining shred of love
he once had, most likely
for someone special.
Um...
There was one night,
dead of winter,
and Cormac wet the bed.
Dad stormed upstairs
and ripped the sheets off,
and grabbed Mac and threw him
out of the house.
"Till you grow the hell up,
you sleep outside.
You man up."
So, I snuck outside
with this blanket,
but I couldn't find him.
So I went to the dock,
and there he was, in our boat.
We'd hide there
when Dad lost his temper.
He was shivering, scared.
So I put this
blanket over him,
and I told him it
would be all right.
Did you reach out
to your brother today?
No. Dylan asked me not to.
Likely would have gone
straight to voice mail, anyways.
We've tried a few
times already.
We think now is the time
for you to call Cormac,
and if he doesn't answer,
to leave a message
so he can hear your voice.
Why?
To connect with him.
But what if he
wants to see me?
Then we'll arrange a safe place
for you to meet.
You want me to
help you trap him?
Find him.
In an environment
we can control
so that we can make sure
everyone is safe,
including Cormac.
We'll be there, undercover.
He trusts you more than...
more than anyone.
RYAN:
Let's bring him in safe.
Whenever you're ready.
CORMAC [voice message]: Hey,
it's Cormac. Leave a message.
Hey, Mac.
Cormac's dad sounds like
a real piece of work.
Yeah. Makes mine look like
he should've won
Father of the Year.
Have you heard from Julian?
No. You?
With me, he's a ghost,
but with you, that's weird.
And we could use his help.
But, yeah, you're right.
It's not like him.
I'm gonna give him a call.
HARRIS:
There's footage of Rego
exiting at Bowling Green,
then heading east.
Security cams eventually put him
in a department store.
When did he leave?
Don't know.
From there, the trail goes cold.
Where are we with the sister?
Cormac wants to meet.
He just texted.
Candace? Where?
Your favorite place?
Do you know where that is?
Cormac and I came here a couple
times when we were little.
There was this
neighborhood we loved.
It had cobblestone streets,
old buildings, piers.
South Street Seaport.
CANDACE: There were these
giant sailboats,
and we would just sit there, and
we would pretend one was ours,
and we'd talk about
where we'd sail to.
This is a good thing, right?
It's what you wanted?
It's a very good thing.
It's a terrible thing.
A public place,
of which we have no control.
If Cormac is in a manic state,
there is a high
risk of violence.
So, what are you saying-- we
don't take him up on his offer?Yes.
We find a reason she can't go,
then we have Candace
call him back,
offering a location that
we choose and we control.
JASMINE:
A guy who kills
three people
doesn't strike me as a "sure,
whatever, dude" type of guy.
And what if he gets suspicious?
Still preferable.I know you love to think,
but you're overthinking
this time.
We know where he'll be.
We see him and we grab him.
Or the plan doesn't work, and he
sees Candace can't be trusted.
Which means we lose her
as a card to play,
and he has nothing to lose.
I'm not letting him slip
through my fingers again.
This may not be the
opportunity we expected,
but we have to seize it.
You want me to tell Candace
what we're asking her to do?[sighs] No.
I should do it.
This is wrong.
Oh, really?
That's how you feel?
I hadn't noticed.You think it's the right move?
I think it's the only move.
We can't let him take charge.
We can't do nothing.
Actually, nothing is an option.
I hate it when we disagree.
Oh, please, you love it.
♪
[quiet chatter]
How's it look?
Any sign of him?
Perimeter's tight.
No visual yet on Rego.
He's late.
Cold feet?
LIZZIE [over comm]:
Or maybe Dylan's right.
He's onto us, watching.
That photo.
He lured us up to that roof,
and he was watching.
Rego craves control.
He may be looking to get
the upper hand here, too.
We have any eyes
on nearby rooftops,
uh, upper-floor windows?
Check outside
the perimeter, too.
He's on the roof.
My two o'clock.
Stock, wait for backup!
Zack, stay on Candace.
♪
Come on, Cormac.
Just give yourself up.
You brought Candace into this.
You set her up.
You made this worse.
Come on, just step out
with your hands up.
I don't want to hurt you.
Maybe you can fool her
that way, but not me.
You want to shoot me.
No, I don't.
Prove it.
[gunshot, Cormac grunts]
♪
MAN:
Hey!
Hey, man, watch out.
Watch out.
[indistinct chatter]
Out of the way! Police! Move![crowd murmuring, gasping]
Get out of the way!MAN: Hey!
[panting]
Nothing?
Hit him in the arm.
RYAN:
Blood.
All right.
You said you wouldn't hurt him.I tried to talk to him.
He ran off.
You promised me.
Your brother's out of control.
You shot him.
He is bleeding somewhere.
He could die.
I know, which is why we need
to find him as soon as possible.
So you can kill him this time?
No way.
Candace.
I'm done.
With all of this.
DYLAN:
Let her go.
And lose the only
thing we've got?
She won't go far.
How do you know? Huh?
What egghead theory are you
going to spit out at me
that lets you predict another
human being's behavior?
She left her bag.
You okay if I talk to her?
Yeah, whatever. I mean,
it's not like it
can get any worse.
You were right.
Odds are you're either sitting
in gum or saliva.
On par with how
things are going.
I know Ryan is just
doing his job,
but it doesn't make me want
to yell at him any less.
I don't know how you're
not yelling at everyone.
My sister Katie and I,
we have our issues,
but if she were
wounded or in danger
and I couldn't help...
even if she'd done
something unforgivable,
I'd be beside myself.
Are you and your sister close?
Not as close as we used to be.
We don't really
speak much anymore.
Cormac and I,
we always had each other.
Even as adults.
I still can't believe
he did this.
What if he didn't?
What if you guys are wrong?
This is gonna be hard,
and I'm sorry about that,
but these pictures may help you
figure out what you want to do.
This is Nancy Lee.
She was a chemist.
She spent her summers
around Garfield
and heard about your
father's murder.
She was your brother's
first victim
[groans]
here in New York.
Jay Moseby was your brother's
second victim here.
He was a bartender who saw
Cormac with Nancy Lee
the night that
she was killed.
He was engaged,
and the wedding was
supposed to be...
[stammers]
I don't want to see any more.
You are also your
brother's victim.
So is your mom.
Candace, Cormac
killed three people,
almost strangled an
innocent cabdriver,
so no matter how
much you love him
and how upset you
feel right now,
you need to let
us do our job.
You really want to help
your brother, help us.
We hit a wall.
Hospitals and, uh, urgent cares
haven't treated him.
We're getting nothing
from the cameras.
This is such a big city,
it's-it's so easy to hide.
Not necessarily.
It's not just the cameras.
Every cop in the city is looking
for him, and he knows it.
All it takes
is one mistake.
[scoffs] I should know.
Well, technically,
you made two mistakes.
You lost Rego in Garfield,
then you totally
messed up today.This is a horrible pep talk.
It was your instincts
that took us to Garfield.
And if we hadn't gone there,
we might never have been able
to I.D. Rego
as the killer.
Now he's on the run, injured,
again, because of you.
The only wall out there
is around Cormac Rego,
and it is closing in.
So stop feeling like
you've let everybody down,
and show me some
of that Midwestern,
steak-eating,
cornfield-loving,
"Oh, What a Beautiful Morning"
optimism, okay?
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Okay. Thank you.
And, you know,
Nebraska isn't...
Oklahoma.Yes.
FUCCI: Yeah, so we're
pulling footage
from within a one-mile
radius of the Seaport,
so fingers crossed
and all that.
We have to be careful.
Cormac is a wounded animal,
possibly prone
to impulsive aggression,
which can occur with
or without provocation.FUCCI: Yeah, well,
when I get eyes on Rego,
I won't lack for provocation.
Provocation.
Yeah, what? I use it wrong?
Even if we had Candace
reach out to Rego again,
he's not gonna trust us.
We have to provoke
a response.
What's the one sure way we could
connect with him in the past?
Hmm?The suspense is killing me.
Dennis Walker.Dennis Walker.
FUCCI:
The weaselly podcaster?
Well, it's not like he has
a direct line on the guy.
He does, in a manner
of speaking.
Ryan.
I'm already on it.
DYLAN: The podcast will
have a veil of anonymity.
No one will mention Cormac's
name or yours, so it'll just be
you talking to Cormac.And my 50,000 listeners.
Yeah, I'll shut up. Yeah.
We've been over
the verbal triggers
and emotional buttons
to push
that can help us
get Cormac in safely.
But if you get into
any trouble...
She won't.DYLAN: The primary goal
is for Cormac to feel
the emotional toll
this is taking on you
and your mom,
and how much harder
it will be
if you wind up
losing him, too.
Maybe he'll turn
himself in
or, at the very least,
he'll reach out to us.
No, I don't know
if I can, uh...
Just tell him the truth
and speak from the heart.
You ready?
I'm Dennis Walker,
and this is The Murder Diaries.
Today we are joined
by a very special guest,
a woman who believes
that she may be the sister
of the Sleeping
Beauty killer.
She's here to make
a public appeal to him.
To... to you.
Hey. Hi. Um...
[clears throat]
It's me.
What you're doing,
what you've done, it...
it breaks my heart
because, um...
Because I know you.
I'm worried.
Please let me help you.
Just...
turn yourself in, Co...
I'll be here when you do.
"Me and you,
and you and me."
[clears throat]
This has been The Murder Diaries.
I'm Dennis Walker.
Until next time.
We're out.
You want me to upload it?
Yeah. Sounded
good to me.
It's out there.
CANDACE [over podcast]:
It's me.
What you're doing,
what you've done, it...
it breaks my heart.
Because, uh...
because I know you.
I'm worried.
Please let me help you.
Just... turn yourself in, Co...
I'll be here when you do.
"Me and you, and you and me."
RYAN: How is it still personal
to Cormac if Mr. Rego is dead?
I think Cormac blames you for
not being able to start over.
I was just being a cop.
You probably remind him
of what he couldn't be,
the perfect son
for his monstrous father.
[chuckles]
That's comforting.
So now he wants
to kill me?
It's entirely possible.
[cell phones chime]
An alert from
Dennis Walker. "The Murder Diaries:
"Face-to-face interview with
the Sleeping Beauty killer,
20 minutes"?
Walker went rogue.
Tell me how it's possible
I've got dozens of cops
scouring the city
for this killer,
and this podcast punk
is gonna be hooking up with Rego
like they met on Tinder.
Uh, he knows a good story
when he sees one.
I've got a good story
to tell, too.
We're releasing
Rego's name and photo.
We're going wide.We got Candace to cooperate
by promising that
we would not I.D. him.
We? I didn't promise anything.
He tried to kill that cabdriver.
If he is attacking
people he perceives
as threats, what's he
gonna do when he feels
there are threats
everywhere he looks?
We've got ten million
New Yorkers on the streets.
Let's put them to work.
He may change his M.O. again
if he feels there's
nothing to lose.
Keeping his identification
secret has gotten us nowhere.
It's time we change our M.O.
Everyone and their mother
thinks they've seen Rego.
All we need is
one of them to be right.
The mayor wants Dennis Walker's
face out there, too.
Well, this guy's about to become
the most famous podcaster
since, uh...
Are there famous podcasters?
JASMINE:
Jules, you made it.
Good to see you.
Sorry about the delay.
A delayed Jules is
better than no Jules.
You seem to be an I.T. guy
with more than
a few tricks
up your sleeve.
What seems to be the issue?
Public intel is pouring in,
zillions of photos, videos...
You can only sift through
so many clips at a time.
And there are
literally hundreds.
Happy to help.
Now, I can use image
recognition tools
to look for key identifiers--
should narrow down
these false hits
considerably.
JASMINE:
How goes the tip line?
HARRIS:
Doing our best to slog
through the flood of calls.
Yeah, half of which come
courtesy of John Q. Nut Job.
Keep slogging.
Rego sent me a video.
DENNIS [on video]:
This is Dennis Walker.
This is The Murder Diaries.
I'm here with-with Cormac Rego.
CORMAC [on video]:
Say it.
Sleeping Beauty killer.
CORMAC:
Video's new for you, isn't it?
You think your fans will object?DENNIS: I don't know.
I don't think so.
Looks like he's holed up
in some crap motel.
How did you get here, Dennis?
You... you called me.
Said I could interview you.
It's the perfect ending
to our story.
Even with a bum arm
and on the run
from the entire NYPD, guy sure
puts on one hell of a show.
False bravado.DENNIS: No...
He knows the walls
are closing in.
That's why he took a hostage.
Last line of defense.
How's New York treating you,
Ryan? You still enjoying it?
He looks pale, like he's
lost a lot of blood.
CORMAC:
I once told you, "It's on."
But now, just to be clear,
I'm saying,
"Back off."
Unless you want another body.CANDACE: Oh, my God.
LIZZIE:
Wait, wait. Back up.
Push in. There.
That white blur
under the table.
Looks like a bag, no?
Yeah.
Okay, um, now back it up again.
That blue and red,
isn't that the logo for
Gansevoort Pharmacy?
Zack, call all the Gansevoort
Pharmacies in lower Manhattan.
See if any of them filled
any motel deliveries
in the last couple of hours
for gauze, peroxide,
anything that could be used
to patch a bullet wound.On it.
I have a favor to ask.
Anything.
You know that.
If you bring him in...When we bring him in.
Can I have a few minutes?
Just to sit with him.
Betadine, gauze,
needle and thread
delivered to
an Avenue D motel
90 minutes ago.
♪
LIZZIE:
Bullet fragments
in the sink.
He was trying
to take it out himself.
Blood.
I hope it's just Rego's,
not Walker's.
It's still wet.
They can't be gone long.
Hey, I found blood leading
to an empty parking space.
He has a car.
Could be Walker's.I'll put out a BOLO.
He could be anywhere. Especially
if he thinks it's almost over.
He's losing blood.
At this point, he must be
looking for somewhere to hide,
somewhere safe.
Remember Candace said they
used to go to their boat
to hide from their father?
No way he'd go back
to the Seaport.
Where's the nearest boat access?
Maritime Terminal.
Holding a hostage
may not just be
a last line of defense;
it may also be a lure.
A lure for what?Not what. Him.
LIZZIE:
Melissa Walker.
The podcaster's wife?
Sister?
Either way,
Rego's here.
We're in Maritime
Terminal, slip six,
looking for Rego.
We believe he's armed
and has a hostage.
Remember,
we want him alive.
Split up.
Clear the decks.
I'll go right.If you find him,
get him talking
and give him room.
♪
RYAN [over comm]:
Guys.
Lower deck, in the bow.
I'm here.
You got
no more room to run.
How about we put
a stop to this?
We need to get down there.Not yet.
Ryan's got him isolated
and contained.
If we move in on him,
Rego may do
something drastic.
How about we take
this step-by-step?
Step-by-step?
Step one,
let him go.
Oh, you mean the only
leverage I have?
Right.
Mac.
This is between you and me.
We don't need him.
You just tell me.
Okay? Tell me what I can do.
Step one,
drop your gun.
Don't you dare.
He's trying to establish trust.
He's going to get
himself killed.
Now it's your turn.
CORMAC:
Now what?
Now we talk. Okay? Just us.
You can't stop
lying to me.
You think I don't know
that you have backup here?
I'm not an idiot!
Nobody is calling you an idiot.
Okay, I cheated off you in bio.
Remember?
Anyone else comes out here,
I'm killing Ryan Stock,
the golden boy of Garfield.
You're right.
We got eyes on you.
You shoot me, they shoot you.
You try and run,
they shoot you.
But if you don't do
either of those things,
then we have options.
And I want to help.
How?
Establish rapport, connect.
Good.
[door opens,
footsteps approaching]
Sarge, we need more time.
Not your call.Ryan's engaged with him.
If Rego sees you move on him,
he will panic.
RYAN:
Whatever went down with
you and your dad,
I'm on your side, okay?
Don't talk about him.
I don't want to talk about him.
Then let's talk about your mom.
Or Candace.
She loves you.
She always did.
Like that time your dad
threw you out of the house.
You were scared, and
she found you, right?
You were shivering in the boat.
Candace brought
you that blanket.
She will always
be here for you.
Mac, you know that.
Even now.
She won't, though.
Because you...
...turned her against me.
[sniffles]
You destroyed our bond!
Stop crying, Cormac.
What did you say?
You heard me.
Man up!
You sorry son of a...
[grunting and groaning]
[groans]
[panting]
[grunts]
[grunting]
I got him, I got him.
Give me a hand.
[grunting, coughing]
You're under arrest,
you son of a bitch.
[whimpering]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[car doors closing]
Time's up.
The power of their
sibling bond
is remarkable.
Despite everything,
nothing can break it.
DYLAN:
I don't know how you do
it in the cornfields,
but here in the city,
we have a little thing
called "protocol."
LIZZIE:
Here in the city,
we consider it
a cardinal sin to ever
lose possession of this.
[chuckles]
Thanks.
You did it.
We did it.
Mm, some of us didn't think
you could hack it here.
Who?
Me.
And me.
No, actually
just her. [laughs]
[clicks safety,
sets gun on table]
I need to shower.
Yeah, you do.
I wasn't going
to say anything.
Thanks.
Well done, you two.
You made me
proud today.
I'm going home to bed.
Don't let it
get to your head.
Hmm.
Too late.
You happy to have me back
from my Nebraska
adventure?
We'll see.
I'm happy, too.
Want to go?
No, I have something
I need to do.
Okay.
See you tomorrow.
Katie, hey.
It's me, your big sis.
Can you talk?
That is quite a day.
You want a drink?
No. I just want to go to bed.
Your dad's here.
I'll just put a
straw in the bottle.
Dad.
Dylan.
Good to see you.
You, too. Everything okay?
I should be asking you that.
Heard you've had quite the day.
Yes.
Thankfully, it's over.
I know we're not about to win
any father-son awards, and...
maybe you weren't the most
compassionate of fathers.
And maybe I wasn't
the easiest child to parent.
[chuckles]
Being deputy director of the CIA
is a walk in the park
by comparison.
But I know you care about me.
And... much as
you may have disagreed,
you've let me live my life,
so...
thank you.
You're welcome.
You know...
I've learned a lot from you.
Still learning.
But that's not why you're here.
No.
Your precinct's
had computer issues
the last couple of months.
I'm aware of that, yes.
Then you're
obviously aware
that Julian's been
working undercover,
presumably fighting
off this cyberattack.
Not loving the use
of "presumably."
Chatter has it
that Julian Cousins
has been planting that malware.
That he's being
paid handsomely
to compromise the city's
first responder network.
You don't believe that.
I wouldn't be
here otherwise.
Julian is many things,
but he is not a traitor.
He's a liar by trade.
We all are.
Were.
Right.
Anyhow...
I thought you
should know.
No, I'll let myself out.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org